Add modules syntax to rules API (#1078)
TNG/ArchUnit: docs/userguide/008_The_Library_API.adoc

cycles.maxNumberOfDependenciesPerEdge=5
----

=== Modularization Rules

[NOTE]
Note: ArchUnit doesn't strive to be a "competition" for module systems like the
Java Platform Module System. Such systems have advantages like checks at compile time
versus test time as ArchUnit does. So, if another module system works well in your
environment, there is no need to switch over. But ArchUnit can bring JPMS-like features

> to older code bases, etc. Java 8 projects, or environments where the JPMS is for some

Reviewer: Should this be
```suggestion
to older code bases, e.g. Java 8 projects, or environments where the JPMS is for some
```
?

reason no option. It also can accompany a module system by adding additional rules e.g.
on the API of a module.

To express the concept of modularization ArchUnit offers `ArchModule`﻿s. The entrypoint into
the API is `ModuleRuleDefinition`, e.g.

[source,java,options="nowrap"]
----
ModuleRuleDefinition.modules().definedByPackages("..example.(*)..").shouldBeFreeOfCycles();
----

As the example shows, it shares some concepts with the <<Slices>> API. For example `definedByPackages(..)`
follows the same semantics as `slices().matching(..)`. But, it also offers several powerful concepts
beyond that API to express many different modularization scenarios.

One example would be to express modules via annotation. We can introduce a custom annotation
like `@AppModule` and follow a convention to annotate the top-level `package-info` file
of each package we consider the root of a module. E.g.

[source,java,options="nowrap"]
.com/myapp/example/module_one/package-info.java
----
@AppModule(
  name = "Module One",
  allowedDependencies = {"Module Two", "Module Three"},
  exposedPackages = {"..module_one.api.."}
)
package com.myapp.example.module_one;
----

> We can then derive a general "self-growing" rule using the following API:

Reviewer: What means _"self-growing"_?

Author: Mhmm, what I meant was that the rule automatically works for new components without the need to be adjusted. Take the PlantUML rule as a contrary example, every time you add a new module you have to adjust the diagram, i.e. the rule :man_shrugging: 
What I mean is that this can be set up once and teams can follow the convention without having to adjust the arch test itself...

Author: I just omitted the part, because I think it's evident enough from the following explanation and doesn't really contribute much to the docs :+1:
